how's it going boys gianni superb man
here I don't bring you guys a quick
little video on showing you guys some
practice tips that you can make for your
ashl team a lot of times you know you're
going to practice mode and it's just you
know it's not fun to practice all the
time it's not really the the easiest
thing to do to practice an NHL 12 so I
was trying to figure out ways that we
could practice that it would actually be
fun at the same time making us better at
the game so one of these first things I
got here is an elimination game that you
can do with your teammates basically
what you want to do with your team is go
around in a circle make sure in the ear
in the offensive zone so the camera
stays there go around in a circle and
keep trying to pass it to your teammates
every time you have someone who makes an
errand pass they're eliminated you go
down until there's one person left all
right
this helps with two different things
first you're passing accuracy and second
moving moving away from the puck making
sure that you're going in the right
direction as you can see some of the
times you know we're not in a perfect
circle players are drifting off so it's
two things to think about you have to be
accurate with your passes but then you
also have to be aware of your player
away from the puck when you don't have
the puck all right it's it's quite
interesting it's quite fun you know and
because you got an elimination style
it's a competition you know and going
back to what I said before a lot of the
times you go into practice mode it's not
it's not fun you know what I mean you
got the player one player say you know
you got to do this you got to do that
but it's not exactly fun to do it so
you're only gonna last you know a single
game kind of thing but if you get a nice
little elimination style game going you
know your team can be talking back
and forth they're having fun and it's
just it's again competition humans love
competition so when you're doing this uh
this drill make sure you go clockwise
and counterclockwise and you guys saw
how we started it we were all over the
place you know we were missing our
passes the circles really didn't look
like it was there but look as you can
tell towards the end I look at our
passing now it's going longer and longer
on the circle you can actually see a
circle that we're going around you see
how we still mess ups every now and then
but honestly it's a great drill to have
again it helps with your passing it
helps with your positioning and it's fun
it's not a chore to do all right so get
your team in
practice mode I'd say you need at least
three three players on your team to do
this it's great for 6v sixes alright and
just practice your pass and you'd be
surprised on how many passes you're
gonna miss you'd be surprised on how
many passes your teammates are gonna
miss but look again we're starting to
get it down path yeah the circle is not
there but the accurate passing will come
alright so there you go boys a quick
little tip on how to make your team's
positioning and passing better